Lilly! Lilly!
OK, guess who is crushing big time?
Aw, Miley, not again.
Even Jeff Gordon makes a pit
stop every once in a while.
I am not talking about me.
Although, uh, tall,
dark and yummy over there
is definitely on my radar.
Miley.
Right.
Anyhoo, I'm talking about Oliver.
He is in love.
Are you sure?
I was just in the girl's bathroom
and there was nobody sobbing,
"Why me, why me?"
I'm sure.
I saw him upstairs and he was
totally distracted and spacy.
I guess you're right. That's love.
Painful, painful love.
Hey, how's it going?
Nice kicks, Timmy.
Spill it, Oliver. Who is she?
Who's who?
The girl you've fallen for...
all the way down the stairs.
There's no girl.
Oh, really?
Then, uh, how do you explain
this box of chocolates?
All right, fine.
They're for a girl.
What's her name?
She's not even in our grade.
You don't know her.
Come on, you know
you want to tell us.
Yeah.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Tell us. Tell us. Tell us. Tell us.
Come on.
Tell us.
Guys, I really...
Come on.
Tell us.
Come on, guys!
Just leave me alone, OK?
I've never seen him like this.
I know.
Maybe we should
respect his privacy.
Yeah.
Although, if we
respect it too long,
we'll lose his trail. Come on.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Thank you, Oliver.
The ones with the little
squigglies on top are the best.
I'm going to take AP English.
I'm going to take AP Water Polo.
Good night, nurse!
Oliver is crushing
on someone old enough
to remember The Beatles.
The who?
Them, too.
Well, he did say she
wasn't in our grade.
Not in our grade?
She ain't in our generation.
Ooh! Hey, that's a good one.
I can't wait to use it on him.
No! You can't!
Remember in seventh grade
when you had a crush on Monsieur Garneau,
the French teacher?
Vaguely.
Please, you wore a beret
and said oui, oui so much,
people started calling you "
Tinkles Truscott."
OK, fine. But, people made
fun of me, I got over it.
Now nobody even remembers.
Hey, Tinkles.
We've got some stale
French fries here.
And we know how you
like things that are...
...old and French. Ooh, la, la!
That was two years ago!
Yeah! She's had a ton of
boyfriends since then!
OK, fine, two. And Lucas cheated on her,
so that doesn't really count.
And the other one she took
to court, but if you...
Stop helping me!
I get it. We can't
make fun of Oliver.
For this. Everything
else is fair game, right?
Of course. Now we
just got to protect
him from the trash-talking twins.
How?
Simple.
We get him nursing on a new crush,
not crushing on an old nurse.
Another good one I can't use.
Come on.
Ma, you may want to
sit down for this one.
Jackson, your grandson, got a "B."
I told you,
you may want to sit down.
Yep, and it's all because of
this new girlfriend he's got.
I'll tell you what,
she is smart as a whip,
and you ain't gonna believe what
an influence she's been on him.
Hey, here they come. I got to go.
If you can't get up, call me back.
There he is! My "B" boy
and his "A"-plus lady.
Dad.
Hi, Mr. Stewart.
Little lady, from now on you can
just call me, "Happy Pappy!"
He's not really my dad.
I was left on his doorstep.
By a wizard.
Aw, son. Come on, now.
I didn't mean to embarrass you,
but look at this!
You made the refrigerator!
I'm sorry.
Just got a little dust in my eye,
that's all.
What'll he do when he finds out
about your "A" on the History quiz?
Oh. That's a risk I can't take.
OK, I'm just going
to go for a jog now
and leave you two do your...
studying.
I'm sorry, more dust.
Hey, Monica. Yeah,
we're studying for the Chem test.
I don't know.
He's cute, but I'm just
not feeling it anymore.
I was gonna break
up with him today.
No.
But I just can't.
I'll wait until after
the test tomorrow.
Pull it together, old man.
It's not like it's the
last "B" I'll ever get.
Wanna bet?
OK, who's the lucky lady who's
gonna break the nurse curse?
Hey, what about Stephanie?
She's cute.
And on last year's field trip
she sat in front of Oliver.
Oh, yeah.
He scarfed down three hot dogs
before they got on the bus...
...and she was wearing
them when they got off.
No problem. I'm sure there's,
uh, plenty of girls for Oliver.
Yeah. Well, let's see.
Tripped her,
sat on her lunch,
spilled on,
spilled on.
And poor Pamela...
...the only survivor of the Oken
natural gas disaster of 2006.
This may be harder than we thought.
Oh, no. There she is.
Sweet old lady doesn't
suspect a thing.
Loverboy's at it again. Let's go.
Hey, guys. What's up?
Oh, Miley, did you get
hit by a football again?
No.
Soccer ball?
Boomerang?
No! I'm fine. This isn't about me.
It's about Oliver and you and
the chocolates and that note.
So, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, I am so glad he told you.
You are?
Absolutely. He wanted this to be,
uh, our little secret.
But I told him there was
nothing to be ashamed of.
You did?
Of course. Oliver didn't
ask for this to happen.
I mean, none of us ever do.
But when it does,
you can either run away from it
or you can embrace it.
And you want him to embrace it?
Oh, I've begged him to.
And now that he has,
I couldn't be happier.
You're kidding me, right?
Why would I kid about
Oliver having diabetes?
What?
Oliver has diabetes?
Of course. What did you
think I was talking about?
Diabetes.
Oliver has diabetes.
She meant to say it with a period,
but she said it with a
question mark by mistake.
Right, Lilly?
Uh. Oh, yeah.
It's a teenage girl thing?
We all do it?
My mom hates it?
Wait a minute, you didn't
think that Oliver...
No!
Because I would never...
Of course not!
I mean, Oliver?
We know.
I mean, let's face it,
you still have a couple
of good years left.
You could do a lot better.
Gee, thanks.
Poor Oliver.
I know. I just want
to give him a big hug.
Oh, this is why he gave
her the chocolates,
so he wouldn't eat them.
When you have diabetes,
you're not supposed to
have a lot of sugar.
Wait a minute.
You guys didn't know, did you?
Oh, boy. OK, listen.
You can live a very
full life with diabetes,
but this is still all
very new to Oliver
and he's struggling with it.
So, please, let him tell you. OK?
But, what if he doesn't?
Yeah, we're his friends.
I mean, we want to help him.
So you're just gonna
have to be patient, OK?
OK. We can do that.
We can't do this!
It says here that Oliver's body
just doesn't process sugar the way it's supposed to.
But if he takes his insulin
and doesn't eat too many sweets,
he can lead a normal life.
I do not know why he is
so afraid to tell us.
I could totally help him
stay away from sugar.
I agree. You are quite
the little role model.
That's not the point.
I mean, he's gonna
tell us eventually.
What's he waiting for?
I can't imagine.
It's not like you didn't tell him
you were Hannah Montana
right off the bat.
I mean, you didn't keep him waiting,
and waiting, and waiting, and waiting...
I got the point, Captain Subtle.
Hey, I got a great idea.
Why don't you take him
to Traci's party tonight?
Hang out, have fun,
get his mind off things.
That's actually a good idea.
I do have those on occasion,
you know.
It's not like I'm one
of those dopey TV dads.
You keep telling
yourself that, big fella.
Oh. My little B-boy.
I hardly knew you.
OK. OK. So, what do you
call a pig who knows karate?
A pork chop! Hi-ya!
Jackson! Allison!
You're here! Together!
That's great!
You are a beautiful couple.
Don't worry, he always gets like
this just before nappy time, huh?
I'll be right back.
Don't blow this for me!
She said she wants to "talk,"
and I think we both
know what that means.
Well, one of us does.
Look, I don't have time for
your riddles, old man. Just go.
Go, go, go, go, go!
I... am just, uh,
dancing over to you
because I can't wait to "talk."
Ready when you are.
Actually, I really
did want to talk.
Really? OK.
Well, I guess we could,
you know, start with that.
Listen, Jackson. I...
Hey! Um, before I take my nap,
I just wanted to say to you
that you are the best girlfriend
Jackson has ever had. Ever.
And he's had a lot of them.
I cannot keep the
ladies off of this one.
Dad, we're trying to have a
little conversation here.
Conversation? Oh,
you don't want to do that.
Talking's the quickest way
to ruin a relationship.
Hey, let me ask you,
have you kissed him yet?
All the ladies say he's
got lips like butter.
Dad!
Oh, son, don't be modest.
You know, Stewart men only
get better-looking with age.
Exhibit A.
Could you excuse us?
OK.
Did I happen to mention he's
gonna inherit a lot of money?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to get you into college.
How? By humiliating me?
By saving this relationship.
I heard her on the phone yesterday.
She's gonna break up with you.
Whah?
Sorry, son.
Is that true? You want
to break up with me?
Yeah.
And I didn't know
exactly how to say it.
Thank you so much, Mr. Stewart.
Wow, that was easier
than I thought.
It's just so unfair.
I did everything I could.
What more did she want?
Look, these things happen.
How can you be so OK with this?
Well, I just found out that I'm
going to inherit a ton of money!
And get even better-looking!
And you said I
needed college! Yeah!
Oh, come on, guys. It'll be fun.
You guys, I don't know.
I've got a ton of homework.
Maybe I should just go home.
Oliver, you are not
thinking clearly, OK?
This is Traci's sweet sixteen.
There's gonna be a ton of sweet sixteens.
Know what I mean? Eh?
What do you mean?
There'll be a lot of cute girls.
Pretty girls.
Better yet, girls that haven't
formed an opinion of you yet.
Oh, and you know, sometimes it's
good to take a break from things,
like homework or stuff that might
be weighing heavily on your mind.
Or lightly.
You know, stuff
that seems heavy now
but with time and the support
of your great friends...
...and a well-balanced diet...
...life can be a wonderful thing!
A wonderful, wonderful thing!
OK. I'm thinking your wigs are
on a little bit too tight.
And you are right.
See, we need you.
We are not stable.
Come on, let's go have fun!
Yeah!
Oh, my gosh,
look at all the cupcakes.
Uh, yeah, you really should
get that homework done.
It's not gonna do itself. Let's go.
Hannah!
Welcome to my sweet sixteen.
Emphasis on the sweet.
Yep, everything looks great here.
Happy B-day. Air kiss!
Gotta go, bye!
But you just got here.
Let's split the difference.
Ciao, Lola.
No, see, we all
gotta get outta here
'cause I have a headache, he's got
homework to do, and she just can't stand ya.
OK, it can wait.
Like you said, life can be a
wonderful, wonderful thing.
Hello there, wonderful thing.
So it's settled! You're staying!
And, seriously, I have a
driver if you need a ride home.
And, seriously, nobody here
really thinks you're sixteen.
Yeah.
Bye.
Yeah, bring him along!
It'll be fun!
Thanks a lot, Dad.
What are we supposed to do now?
Why does it always have to be me?
Don't you have an idea?
A suggestion?
Something to get the ball rolling?
Hello! What do you want me to do,
eat every cupcake,
cookie and brownie before he does?
Finally, something useful!
Yeah!
Yeah! I had a good idea,
yes I did. Ooh, ooh!
Getting a pet rat so at least
you look good next to something?
Yeah, what size collar do you wear?
Ooh, sweet things everywhere I look,
know what I mean?
Oh, here you go.
Ooh! Thank you! Don't mind if I do!
He's such a gentleman.
What are you guys doing?
I'm just hungry.
Really, really hungry.
So I said to her, "Beyonc?
in my book, you're A-yonc?"
Right?
What are you doing?
I love licorice. Hmm...
Go get your own.
There's no more!
She's got a whole tray over there.
They're like potato chips.
Can't have just one.
Let's go!
Celebrities.
They think they're
entitled to everything.
Wait! I don't know
where the food went.
I got enough to feed a whale!
Or two.
Well, the good news is,
we saved Oliver from all that...
...sugar. I never thought I'd
hate the taste of a brownie.
Hey, where is Oliver,
anyway? I can't see him.
I can't see my belt.
Where'd everybody go?
Party's... over.
Halle... lujah.
Hey, you know, I never
even got anything to eat.
Finally.
No!
What is wrong with you guys?
We, uh...
We really like cupcakes.
And we know about your diabetes.
You do?
Yeah, the school nurse told us.
And we couldn't just stand by
and let you eat that cupcake.
Or this cupcake,
or this cupcake, or...
...this pie.
You guys think I can't eat this
stuff because I have diabetes?
Well, yeah. I mean, I think so.
I didn't get to finish that pamphlet
because I got ice cream all over it.
Shh! Don't say "ice
cream" in front of him.
Sorry.
Guys, I have Type 1 diabetes.
Which means I can have
stuff with sugar in it.
As long as I manage my diet,
I monitor my blood
sugar with this...
Actually, according to this,
my blood sugar's low.
Which means I actually need
something like a brownie...
...if there were any left.
Oh, wait, wait...
Kept that warm for ya.
Gee, thanks.
Look, Oliver, I'm sorry,
but why didn't you tell us?
I don't know.
I didn't want you guys to
look at me like I was broken,
because I'm not.
Well, we would have known
that if you'd have told us.
Yeah, I know. And I should have.
And I guess I should have
rinsed off that pamphlet
before we became the food police.
Hmm. It's chocolatey...
...and it's got, like,
a hint of, uh...
...pineapple? Mango?
Uh, that's uh... that's my
"tropical mist" deodorant.
Maybe we should just stop by a
smoothie place on the way home?
Good idea.
Tonight, we learned a
lot of important things.
Yeah. I learned that 40 kids get
diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes every day.
And I learned you can't get it
from eating too many sweets.
And I learned if you take
your insulin appropriately,
exercise, and eat a balanced diet,
you can do anything and be
anything you want to be.
And I learned that someday,
I'm gonna be good-looking.
And, I'm gonna inherit a
lot of money. Whoo-hoo!
And I learned that my
brother's really annoying.
Oh, wait, I already knew that.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org